maybe it's just me but there seems to
have been a noticeable increase in the
frequency of advertising for Liberty
University in the last few months I'm
seeing ads for it everywhere on TV on
online streaming services like Hulu even
on YouTube maybe you saw an ad for
Liberty before you watched this video
and they're really pushing the Liberty
online courses the problem that I
noticed was that unlike some past
advertisements I've seen for Liberty
these new ads don't mention anything at
all about the fact that Liberty
University is an evangelical Christian
University that in its science classes
for example
it teaches creationism as a
scientifically valid alternative to
evolution and that just strikes me as a
tad dishonest now I'm sure that if
you're interested in Liberty and you've
never heard of it before when you see
one of these ads you'll go to the
website and you'll see that they
describe their school somewhat
oxymoronic Lee I would say as providing
a world class Christian education and
you'll get it ended will you either
decide that it's your thing or it's not
but it still strikes me as a little
dishonest they could be a little more
truthful in their advertising it seems
like they're pulling a bait-and-switch
on people so I took the liberty if I may
coin a phrase to come up with a few ads
of my own for Liberty University that
would not necessarily come right out and
say that their evangelical be a little
more cute about it but would at least
sort of drop a hint to potential
students as to what they're getting into
so here are a few of my proposed honest
Liberty University ads whoever you are
wherever you're going Liberty University
online has what you're looking for
unless you care about facts
your life your schedule your potential
Liberty University online it's College
without the education
Liberty University online for full-time
students with full-time lives just to be
clear this is not a real school
well there you go and if you happen to
be watching this and you're in the
marketing department over there at Lu
and you just saw something that you like
you know what go ahead and use it
consider it my gift to you